HTTP Query API announcement (#689)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/getting-started/connect-instance.adoc

|Password
|You are given the password when you initially create the instance
|===

== Connection method

> To connect to an instance, choose from the following connection methods: *neo4j+s://* or *https://*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect to an instance, select one of the following connection methods: *neo4j+s://* or *https://*
```

The connection method protocol is used for the communication between the Neo4j database server and the client application or tool.
For more information about connection schemes, see link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/configuration/connectors/[Operations Manual -> Configure network connectors] and link:https://neo4j.com/docs/bolt/current/bolt/[Bolt Protocol].

> === *neo4j+s://*
> Establishes a TLS-encrypted connection to Neo4j using the Bolt protocol over WebSockets, with full certificate validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== *neo4j+s://*

Establishes a TLS-encrypted connection to Neo4j using the Bolt protocol over WebSockets, with full certificate validation. 
```

Use for optimal performance.

> === *https://*
> TLS encrypted connection to Neo4j over HTTPS (Query API), with full certificate validation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== *https://*

TLS encrypted connection to Neo4j over HTTPS (Query API), with full certificate validation. 
```
